Documentation for CMIS services config (#777)
open-zaak/open-zaak: docs/installation/config/cmis.rst

.. _`CMIS adapter library`: https://github.com/open-zaak/cmis-adapter

When using the CMIS-adapter, sometimes a Zaak, a Zaaktype or a Besluit need to be retrieved from the APIs.
This happens for example when a Zaak folder is created, since the description of the Zaak is used as part of the folder name.

For this reason, the CMIS-adapter needs to be given access to the various APIs.
These are the steps to configure it:

1. Go to **API Autorisaties > Applicaties** and click on **Applicatie toevoegen**.

2. Enter a human readable label, for example ``CMIS adapter``.

3. Enter a **Client ID**, for example ``cmis-adapter``.

4. Enter a **Secret**. This should be a random string, for example ``Tl8@04&O4gXTtB``.

5. Click **Opslaan en opnieuw bewerken**.

6. Click **Beheer Autorisaties**.

> 7. Under **Component** check ``Zaken API``, under **Selecteer scopes** check ``zaken.lezen``, under **Voor welke typen geldt dit?** check ``Alle huidige en toekomsitge ZAAKTYPEN`` and  under **Tot en met welke vertrouwelijkheidaanduiding?** check ``Zeer geheim``.

Reviewer: Could you make this shorter, "Fill out the form:" like here: https://open-zaak.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installation/config/openzaak_config.html#open-zaak

10. Click on **Nog Autorisaties toevoegen** and under **Component** check ``Documenten API``,  under **Selecteer scopes** check ``documenten.lezen``,  under **Voor welke typen geldt dit?** check ``Alle huidige en toekomsitge INFORMATIEOBJECTTYPEN`` and under **Tot en met welke vertrouwelijkheidaanduiding?** check ``Zeer geheim``.

11. Click on **Opslaan** to save.

Then, the services need to be configured.
First, configure the Zaken API as follows:

1. Go to **API Autorisaties > Services** and click on **Service Toevoegen**.

2. Add a human readable label, for example ``Zaken API``.

3. Change the type of the API to ``ZRC (Zaken)``.

4. Enter the API root of the Zaken API, for example ``http://example.com/zaken/api/v1/``.

5. Enter the **Client ID**. Use the one configured in the **API Autorisaties > Applicaties**. Following the previous example, this would be ``cmis-adapter``.

6. Enter the **Secret**. Use the one configured in the **API Autorisaties > Applicaties**. Following the previous example, this would be ``Tl8@04&O4gXTtB``.

7. Leave the **Authorization type** as ``ZGW client_id + secret``.

> 8. Add the link to the **OAS**. For example, ``http://example.com/zaken/api/v1/schema/openapi.json``.

Reviewer: Can you replace these steps with "Fill out the form"  like done here: https://open-zaak.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installation/config/openzaak_config.html#open-zaak

9. Click **Opslaan** to save.

> Repeat the procedure above for the Zaaktypen API:

Reviewer: Let's not do overkill an make it:

```suggestion
Repeat the procedure above for the Catalogi API, Besluiten API and Documenten API. Make sure to use the proper **Type** and **API root**. The credentials should all be the same.
```

And delete the rest.
